feat: add environment hooks about compiler (#3108)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/plugins/dev/hooks.mdx

- [modifyHTMLTags](#modifyhtmltags): Modify the tags that are injected into the HTML.
- [onBeforeCreateCompiler](#onbeforecreatecompiler): Called before creating a compiler instance.
- [onAfterCreateCompiler](#onaftercreatecompiler): Called after creating a compiler instance and before building.

> - [onBeforeEnvironmentCompile](#onbeforeenvironmentcompile): Called before running the compile of a single environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [onBeforeEnvironmentCompile](#onbeforeenvironmentcompile): Called before the compilation of a single environment.
```

> - [onAfterEnvironmentCompile](#onafterenvironmentcompile): Called after running the compile of a single environment. You can get the build result information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [onAfterEnvironmentCompile](#onafterenvironmentcompile): Called after the compilation of a single environment. You can get the build result information.
```
